Jos\'e Miguel Rojas is the named RA for this project. He is currently
a Research Associate in Software Testing at the Department of Computer
Science in The University of Sheffield. He obtained his PhD with
honours in the Technical University of Madrid, Spain. His PhD thesis,
entitled ``Test Case Generation in Object-Oriented Programming''
covers aspects of direct relevance to the topics involved in this
proposal. He was a visiting researcher in the Royal Institute of
Technology (KTH, Stocholm, Sweden) and in the NASA Ames Research
Center (California, USA). His research revolves around techniques for
automated test generation, with emphasis on scalability issues and
applicability of test generation tools in practice. He has co-authored
papers accepted for publication in the top venues of logic programming
(ICLP), software testing (ISSTA) and genetic and evolutionary
computation (GECCO). His research background and his experience with
automated test generation tools make him an ideal candidate for this
role.


José Miguel Rojas is a Postdoctoral Researcher in the Department of
Computer Science at The University of Sheffield (Sheffield, United
Kingdom).  He holds a Computer Science Degree from the Universidad
Autónoma Gabriel René Moreno (Santa Cruz, Bolivia 2007) and a PhD in
Computer Science from the Technical University of Madrid (Madrid,
Spain 2013). His research interests involve programming languages and
automated software engineering and software testing. His PhD thesis is
on scalability aspects of symbolic execution for test case
generation. His current field of work is search-based unit test
generation and its application in real-world software development
scenarios.

José Miguel Rojas is a Postdoctoral Researcher in the Department of
Computer Science at The University of Sheffield (Sheffield, United
Kingdom).  He holds a Computer Science Degree from the Universidad
Autónoma Gabriel René Moreno (Santa Cruz, Bolivia 2007) and a PhD in
Computer Science from the Technical University of Madrid (Madrid,
Spain 2013). His research interests involve programming languages and
automated software engineering and software testing. His PhD thesis is
on scalability aspects of symbolic execution for test case
generation. His current field of work is search-based unit test
generation and its application in real-world software development
scenarios.


Jos{\'e} Miguel Rojas is a Research Associate in Software Testing at
The University of Sheffield, United Kingdom. He received a Computer
Science Degree from the Universidad Aut{\'o}noma Gabriel Ren{\'e}
Moreno (Santa Cruz, Bolivia 2007) and a PhD in Computer Science from
the Technical University of Madrid (Madrid, Spain 2013). His research
interests include automated software engineering and software
testing. His research is mainly conducted through the development of
tools and techniques and through empirical methods such as controlled
experiments with human participants.

